Make bitcoind optional: add transaction-sync as an alternative chain backend (#126)
RGB-Tools/rgb-lightning-node: README.md

docker build -t rgb-lightning-node .
```

> ## Sync modes

Reviewer: I think this should move down, in between `Use` and `Test`

The node can keep LDK in sync with the chain in one of two ways, selected at
unlock time via the `chain_source` field of the `/unlock` payload:

- `block_sync`: consume full blocks from a trusted/local `bitcoind` over
  JSON-RPC. The `bitcoind_rpc_*` parameters are provided under this mode's
  `config`. This is the more trust-minimized option, since the node does not
  rely on an indexer to tell it which transactions are relevant.
- `transaction_sync`: sync through an electrum/esplora indexer, so no `bitcoind`
  is needed. By default this reuses the wallet's `indexer_url`; a dedicated
  indexer for LDK can be set under this mode's `config` via `indexer_url`.

For example, to sync from bitcoind:
```json
{
  "password": "...",
  "chain_source": {
    "mode": "block_sync",
    "config": {
      "bitcoind_rpc_username": "user",
      "bitcoind_rpc_password": "password",
      "bitcoind_rpc_host": "localhost",
      "bitcoind_rpc_port": 18443
    }
  }
}
```
or to sync through the indexer:
```json
{
  "password": "...",
  "chain_source": { "mode": "transaction_sync", "config": {} }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: For examples we already have openapi so let's drop this

Each sync mode is gated behind a Cargo feature (`block-sync` and
`transaction-sync`), both enabled by default, so a stock build supports either
mode at unlock time. To build with a single backend (and pull in only its
dependencies), disable the defaults and enable the one you need, e.g.:
```sh

> cargo build --release --no-default-features --features transaction-sync

Reviewer: Since this is a binary we should use install here. Also add a reference to this section somewhere in the `Install` section

./regtest.sh -h
```

The `/unlock` payload selects how the node syncs with the chain via the
`sync_mode` field:

> - `block_sync` (default build): consume full blocks from a trusted/local

Reviewer: I see both features are set in the library default features set, which is correct, so I think saying block_sync is the default build is incorrect

  `bitcoind` over JSON-RPC. Requires the `bitcoind_rpc_*` parameters. This is
  the more trust-minimized option since the node does not rely on the indexer
  to tell it which transactions are relevant.
- `transaction_sync`: sync through the configured `indexer_url`
  (electrum/esplora) only. No `bitcoind_rpc_*` parameters are needed. This is
  lighter to deploy and fits indexer-based setups.

Each sync mode is gated behind a Cargo feature (`block-sync` and
`transaction-sync`); both are enabled by default, so a stock build supports

> either mode at unlock time.

Reviewer: This is not regtest-specific, we should instead add a dedicated section to explain the library features

- proxy_endpoint: rpc://127.0.0.1:3000/json-rpc

To unlock a regtest nodes running in docker use the following local services:

> - sync_mode: block_sync

Reviewer: This parameter is for all networks, not only for regtest, therefore I would not add this field here, this section is dedicated to the network-specific parameters

- bitcoind_rpc_username: user
- bitcoind_rpc_password: password
- bitcoind_rpc_host: bitcoind
- bitcoind_rpc_port: 18443
- indexer_url: electrs:50001
- proxy_endpoint: rpc://proxy:3000/json-rpc

To sync through the indexer instead, set `sync_mode: transaction_sync` and omit

> the `bitcoind_rpc_*` parameters (`indexer_url` is still required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sync through the indexer instead, set `sync_mode: transaction_sync` and omit
the `bitcoind_rpc_*` parameters.
```
since `transaction_sync` uses the indexer I think it's confusing to say the indexer url is still required
